Datei2 Life is wonderful. Without it we'd all be dead.
Datei2Daddy, why doesn't this magnet pick up this floppy disk?
Datei2Give me ambiguity or give me something else.Datei2
Datei2I.R.S.: We've got what it takes to take what you've got!
Datei2We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
Datei2Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
Datei2He who laughs last thinks slowest!
Datei2Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Datei2"More hay, Trigger?" "No thanks, Roy, I'm stuffed!"
Datei2A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries.
Datei2Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
Datei2rror, no keyboard - press F1 to continue.
Datei2There's too much blood in my caffeine system.
Datei2Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
Datei2Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
Datei2"Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes."
Datei2Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere may be happy.
Datei2Consciousness: that annoying time between naps.
Datei2Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive.
Datei2I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
Datei2Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Datei2The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
Datei2When there's a will, I want to be in it.
Datei2Okay, who put a "stop payment" on my reality check?
Datei2We have enough youth, how about a fountain of SMART?
Datei2Programming is an art form that fights back.
Datei2"Daddy, what does FORMATTING DRIVE C mean?"
Datei2ll wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Datei2My mail reader can beat up your mail reader.
Datei2Never forget: 2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.
Datei2Nobody has ever, ever, EVER learned all of WordPerfect.
Datei2To define recursion, we must first define recursion.
Datei2Good programming is 99% sweat and 1% coffee.
Datei2Home is where you hang your @
Datei2The E-mail of the species is more deadly than the mail.
Datei2A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click.
Datei2You can't teach a new mouse old clicks.
Datei2Great groups from little icons grow.
Datei2Speak softly and carry a cellular phone.
Datei2C:\ is the root of all directories.
Datei2Don't put all your hypes in one home page.
Datei2Pentium wise; pen and paper foolish.
Datei2The modem is the message.
Datei2Too many clicks spoil the browse.
Datei2The geek shall inherit the earth.
Datei2A chat has nine lives.
Datei2Don't byte off more than you can view.
Datei2Fax is stranger than fiction.
Datei2What boots up must come down.
Datei2Windows will never cease.   (ed. oh sure...)
Datei2In Gates we trust.    (ed.  yeah right....)
Datei2Virtual reality is its own reward.
Datei2Modulation in all things.
Datei2A user and his leisure time are soon parted.
Datei2There's no place like http://www.home.com
Datei2Know what to expect before you connect.
Datei2Oh, what a tangled website we weave when first we practice.
Datei2Speed thrills.
Datei2Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks.
